
   :author: Dane Brown
   :difficulty: 1.0
   :basecourse: thinkcspy
   :topic: GeneralIntro/Exercises
   :from_source: F
.. shortanswer:: dpId
   :optional:

Read these DP Regulations first.

The University has a system whereby students who perform badly, or who do not meet minimum attendance
standards, are not granted a “DP Certifi cate” (“DP” stands for Duly Performed). Without the “award” of such
a certifi cate – they do not actually exist in paper form – a student is not permitted to write the fi nal and crucial
qualifying examination in the particular subject. You are expected to attend all class lectures, tutorials, and practical
sessions. The requirement that you submit all assignments and tests is strictly enforced. In particular, each practical
assignment must be completed and submitted on or before the due date specifi ed for that assignment. Usually you
are given about a week to complete each exercise, and even if you are ill at the time of a practical class you will
normally be expected to make up the work in your own time.
DP REGULATIONS FOR CSC1L1, CSC112, CSC101 & CSC102 ONLY
The nature of the CSc1L1, CSc112, CSc101 and CSc102 semester courses require that a different set of DP regulations
be applied.
• For your CSc1L DP to be granted, you are required to maintain an average of at least 50% for your practicals,
and achieve an average of at least 40% for your tests.
• For your CSc112, CSc101 and CSc102 DP to be granted, you are required to maintain an average of at least
40% for your practicals and achieve an average of at least 40% for your tests.
• No extensions will be granted for tests, but you may be eligible to write the make-up test at the end of the
semester if you have been granted a leave of absence.
• Extensions for practicals will only be granted when a leave of absence is granted.
• Practical assignments and tests missed without leave of absence will gain you a mark of 0 (zero). It is in your
best interest to ensure that you hand in all practical assignments and write all tests, otherwise, you will endanger
your chances of achieving the minimum requirements as stated above. You are encouraged to keep your test
and practical marks as high as possible so that you don’t endanger your chances of achieving the minimum
requirements.
Besides the “offi cial” tests as scheduled in this handbook, lecturers are free to set other tests at very short notice.
These also fall within the rules laid out here.
If you intend to continue with Computer Science you are required to read and understand the following DP
regulations that apply to the other courses.
DP REGULATIONS FOR SENIOR UNDERGRAD COMPUTER SCIENCE COURSES
When circumstances dictate (for example in the case of extended illness), an extension of up to three days may be
allowed. Only in exceptional circumstances will extensions beyond that time be allowed and assignments will never
be accepted after model solutions have been released.
• If you have achieved an average of less than 30% for tests by the end of the semester, your DP will be refused.
• Unless you maintain an average of at least 40% for practicals, your DP will be refused.
• The student bears the onus of proof for disputes around practical hand-ins.
• Evidence of any concessions must be in writing and signed by a staff member of the Computer Science
Department.
Besides the “offi cial” tests as scheduled in this handbook, lecturers are free to set other tests at very short notice.
These also fall within the rules laid out here.
It is your responsibility to make sure that you have signed any class attendance registers that are circulated. Students
caught signing the class register on behalf of others will face disciplinary action.